New-EntraAttributeSet (#804)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/New-EntraAttributeSet.md

---
title: New-EntraAttributeSet
description: This article provides details on the New-EntraAttributeSet command.

ms.service: active-directory
ms.topic: reference

> ms.date: 03/04/2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 07/20/2024
```

ms.author: eunicewaweru
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-EntraAttributeSet

## SYNOPSIS

Adds a new attribute set.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
New-AzureADMSAttributeSet 
 [-Id <String>] 
 [-Description <String>] 
 [-MaxAttributesPerSet <Int32>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Adds a new Microsoft Entra ID attribute set object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new Microsoft Entra ID attribute set object.

In delegated scenarios with work or school accounts, the signed-in user must be assigned a supported Microsoft Entra role or a custom role with a supported role permission.

Attribute Definition Administrator is the only privileged role supported for this operation.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example: Add a single attribute set.
```powershell

> New-AzureADMSAttributeSet -Id 'NewCustomAttributeSet' -Description 'Attributes for engineering team' -MaxAttributesPerSet 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$params = @{
    Id = 'NewCustomAttributeSet'
    Description = 'Attributes for engineering team'
    MaxAttributesPerSet = 10
}

New-EntraAttributeSet @params
```

```

> ```output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```Output
```

Id                     Description                    MaxAttributesPerSet
--                     -----------                    -------------------
NewCustomAttributeSet Attributes for engineering team 10
```

This example adds a single attribute set.

- Attribute set: `Demo`

## PARAMETERS

### -Description

> Description for the attribute set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description of the attribute set, up to 128 Unicode characters. This can be changed later.
```

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Id

> Name of the attribute set. Must be unique within a tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name of the attribute set. Unique identifier for the attribute set within a tenant, up to 32 Unicode characters. It cannot contain spaces or special characters, is case sensitive, and cannot be changed later. Required.
```

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxAttributesPerSet

> Maximum number of custom security attributes that can be defined in the attribute set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum number of custom security attributes for this set. Default is null. If not specified, up to 500 active attributes per tenant can be added. This can be changed later. Optional.
```

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, `-OutVariable`, `-OutBuffer`, `-PipelineVariable`, `-Verbose`, `-WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

> ## RELATED LINKS

Reviewer: Are there ready commands for CRUD operations that we can put in here?

---
title: New-EntraAttributeSet
description: This article provides details on the New-EntraAttributeSet command.

> ms.service: entra

Reviewer: Remove this. It is being handled by the configuration.

ms.topic: reference
ms.date: 07/19/2024
ms.author: eunicewaweru
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi
manager: CelesteDG
author: msewaweru

external help file: Microsoft.Graph.Entra-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Graph.Entra
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-EntraAttributeSet

## SYNOPSIS

Adds a new attribute set.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
New-EntraAttributeSet 
 [-Id <String>] 
 [-Description <String>] 
 [-MaxAttributesPerSet <Int32>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> This `New-EntraAttributeSet` cmdlet Adds a new Microsoft Entra ID attribute set object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `New-EntraAttributeSet` cmdlet creates a new attribute set object in Microsoft Entra ID.
```

In delegated scenarios with work or school accounts, the signed-in user must be assigned a supported Microsoft Entra role or a custom role with a supported role permission.

Note: Only the Attribute Definition Administrator role is supported for this operation. Ensure the user is assigned this role.

By default, Global Administrator and other administrator roles can't read, define, or assign custom security attributes.

## EXAMPLES

### Example: Add a single attribute set

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'CustomSecAttributeDefinition.ReadWrite.All'
$params = @{
    Id = 'NewCustomAttributeSet'
    Description = 'Attributes for engineering team'
    MaxAttributesPerSet = 10
}

New-EntraAttributeSet @params
```

```Output
Id                     Description                    MaxAttributesPerSet
--                     -----------                    -------------------
NewCustomAttributeSet Attributes for engineering team 10
```

This example adds a single attribute set.

> - Attribute set: `Demo`

Reviewer: Where is the `Demo` coming from? I cannot see it in the example, params.
